# swagger-client
<h2>Supplyframe API Gateway</h2>  Collection of Supplyframe endpoints exposed through the Supplyframe API Gateway.  <h3>Authorization</h3>  All requests should be authorized with parameter \"token\" set to value provided by Supplyframe. In addition to \"token,\" for routes that are intended to be used by end-user applications, parameter \"uuid\" is required. \"uuid\" should represent a unique identifier of the end-user. It can be generated as a random string that's unique for the duration of the user session, and should not contain any PII information.  <h3>Response</h3>  Response is a JSON object. Response should not be consumed if the status code has a value other than 200.  <h3>Status codes returned by API</h3>  <table>     <tr>         <td>200</td>         <td>valid response, consume body</td>     </tr>     <tr>         <td>400</td>         <td>bad request</td>     </tr>     <tr>         <td>401</td>         <td>unauthorized request</td>     </tr>     <tr>         <td>404</td>         <td>route does not exist</td>     </tr>     <tr>         <td>429</td>         <td>too many requests. Rate limiting is based on token and uuid provided</td>     </tr>     <tr>         <td>500</td>         <td>internal server error</td>     </tr> </table>  <h3>Versioning</h3>  API is versioned. Each route has it's own version counting. For each change in API response, new parameter supported, fields added or removed new version will be released. 

This Python package is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements.

Python 2.7 and 3.4+

## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on Github, you can install directly from Github

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import swagger_client 
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import swagger_client
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.MiscApi(swagger_client.ApiClient(configuration))
token = 'token_example' # str | Access token provided by Supplyframe.

try:
    # /documentation/v1/postman
    api_instance.documentationv1postman(token)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling MiscApi->documentationv1postman: %s\n" % e)

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.supplyframe.io*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*MiscApi* | [**documentationv1postman**](docs/MiscApi.md#documentationv1postman) | **GET** /documentation/v1/postman | /documentation/v1/postman
*MiscApi* | [**normalizationv1manufacturer**](docs/MiscApi.md#normalizationv1manufacturer) | **GET** /normalization/v1/manufacturer | /normalization/v1/manufacturer
*MiscApi* | [**parametricv1query**](docs/MiscApi.md#parametricv1query) | **GET** /parametric/v1/query | /parametric/v1/query
*MiscApi* | [**parametricv1schemaquery**](docs/MiscApi.md#parametricv1schemaquery) | **GET** /parametric/v1/schema/query | /parametric/v1/schema/query


## Documentation For Models



## Documentation For Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author



